ci: verify semantic pull requests (#1264)
faker-js/faker: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Deploying documentation

See the [netlify.toml](netlify.toml) for configuration.

## Committing

Pull Request titles need to follow our semantic convention.

> The configured `types` and `scopes` can be found in [.github/workflows/semantic-pull-request.yml](https://github.com/faker-js/faker/blob/main/.github/workflows/semantic-pull-request.yml).

Reviewer: I think conventionally `'type'` is named `'topic'` but I might be wrong. Nevertheless I prefer `'topic'`.

Author: https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/#summary:~:text=structured%20as%20follows%3A-,%3Ctype%3E,-%5Boptional%20scope%5D%3A%20%3Cdescription

Nope

PR titles are written in following convention: `type(scope): subject`

**type** is required and indicates the intent of the PR

> The types `feat` and `fix` will be shown in the changelog as `### Features` or `### Bug Fixes`  
> All other types wont show up except for breaking changes marked with the `!` in front of `:`

**scope** is optional and indicates the scope of the PR

> The scope will be shown in the changelog in front of the _subject_ in bold text  
> Also as the commits are sorted alphabetically, the scope will group the commits indirectly into categories

**subject** is required and describes what the PR does

> Please note that the PR title should not include a suffix of e.g. `(#123)` as this will be done automatically by GitHub while merging

Some examples of valid pull request titles:

```shell
feat: add casing option
fix: lower target to support Webpack 4
docs: remove unused playground
ci: allow breaking change commits

> test: validate @see contents

Reviewer 2: Please add an example for deprecations somewhere. Plus every supported type.

Author: please re-evaluate and make a new review suggestion if needed

# Breaking changes
refactor!: remove faker default export
build!: remove node v12 support

# A release PR will look like this
chore(release): 7.4.0

# Renovate automatically generates these
chore(deps): update devdependencies
chore(deps): update typescript-eslint to ~5.33.0
```

> Historically real world examples that could be written in a better way:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Previous pull request titles that could have been written in a better way:
```

Some examples of valid pull request titles:

```shell
feat: add casing option
fix: lower target to support Webpack 4
chore: add naming convention rule
refactor(address): deprecate streetPrefix and streetSuffix
docs: remove unused playground
test: validate @see contents
ci: allow breaking change commits
build: add node v18 support
infra: rework bug-report template
revert: add more arabic names dataset (#362)

# Breaking changes
refactor!: remove faker default export
build!: remove node v12 support

# A release PR will look like this
chore(release): 7.4.0

# Renovate automatically generates these
chore(deps): update devdependencies
chore(deps): update typescript-eslint to ~5.33.0
```

Previous pull request titles that could have been written in a better way:

```diff
- feat: `datatype.hexadecimal` signature change
+ feat(datatype): hexadecimal signature change
  datatype is one of our modules and can be used as scope

- feat(image): add image via.placeholder provider
+ feat(image): add via.placeholder provider
  image was redundant in the subject

- feat(system.networkInterface): add networkInterface faker

> + feat(system): add method networkInterface

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ feat(system): add networkInterface method
```

## Deploying documentation

See the [netlify.toml](netlify.toml) for configuration.

## Committing

Pull Request titles need to follow our semantic convention.

> The configured `types` and `scopes` can be found in [.github/workflows/semantic-pull-request.yml](https://github.com/faker-js/faker/blob/main/.github/workflows/semantic-pull-request.yml).

Reviewer 2: The scopes aren't listed there anymore.
So I would move this to the **types** section.
